c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\obj\Debug\Amaris.Repository.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\Amaris.Repository.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\Amaris.Repository.pdb
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\Amaris.DataAccess.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\Amaris.DependencyResolver.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\Amaris.DataAccess.pdb
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\Amaris.DependencyResolver.pdb
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\obj\Debug\Amaris.Repository.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\obj\Debug\Amaris.Repository.pdb
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\Amaris.Entities.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\Amaris.Entities.pdb
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\Amaris.Repository.dll.config
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.Repository\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
