c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\obj\Debug\Amaris.DataAccess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Amaris.DataAccess.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Amaris.DataAccess.pdb
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Amaris.DependencyResolver.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Amaris.DependencyResolver.pdb
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\obj\Debug\Amaris.DataAccess.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\obj\Debug\Amaris.DataAccess.pdb
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Amaris.Entities.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Amaris.Entities.pdb
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
c:\Users\CASA\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Amaris\Amaris.DataAccess\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
